FISH-1514 Update Glassfish WebLogic Descriptor Properties Documentation (#162)
payara/Payara-Enterprise-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/documentation/payara-server/app-deployment/deployment-descriptors.adoc

Since version __5.2020.5__

* `log-jdbc-calls` (_attribute of jdbc-connection-pool_)

[[payara-server-deployment-descriptor-precedence-order]]
== Payara Server Deployment Descriptor Precedence Order

> When multiple deployment descriptors are present in the same archive, DDs are
>  processed with the following precedence order in default mode:
> 
>     `WebLogic DD > Payara DD > GlassFish DD > Sun DD`
> 
> The default precedence order can be customized and configured via following
>  System properties:
> 
> [[gfdd.over.wlsdd]]
> ==== `gfdd.over.wlsdd` property
> This system property controls the precedence between GlassFish Server 
> DD and Weblogic Server DD when they are both present. When `gfdd.over.wlsdd`
>  property is set to true, DDs are processed with the following precedence order:
> 
>     `Payara DD > GlassFish DD > WebLogic DD > Sun DD`
> 
> [[ignore.wlsdd]]
> ==== `ignore.wlsdd` property
> When `ignore.wlsdd` property is set to true, WLS DD will be ignored and other
>  DDs will be processed with the following precedence order:
> 
>     `GlassFish DD > Payara DD > Sun DD`

Reviewer: I would replace DD with descriptor, it's still shorter than "deployment descriptor" but easier to read than DD.
```suggestion
When multiple deployment descriptors are present in the same archive, the descriptors are
 processed with the following precedence order in default mode:

    `WebLogic descriptor > Payara descriptor > GlassFish descriptor > Sun descriptor`

The default precedence order can be customized and configured via following
 system properties:

[[gfdd.over.wlsdd]]
==== `gfdd.over.wlsdd` property
This system property controls the precedence between GlassFish Server 
descriptor and Weblogic Server descriptor when they are both present. When `gfdd.over.wlsdd`
 property is set to true, the descriptors are processed with the following precedence order:

    `Payara descriptor > GlassFish descriptor > WebLogic descriptor > Sun descriptor`

[[ignore.wlsdd]]
==== `ignore.wlsdd` property
When `ignore.wlsdd` property is set to true, WLS descriptor will be ignored and other
 descriptors will be processed with the following precedence order:

    `GlassFish descriptor > Payara descriptor > Sun descriptor`
```
